feat(telemetry): add optionality info in docs (#2451)
interledger/rafiki: packages/documentation/src/content/docs/telemetry/overview.md

Privacy is a paramount concern for us. Rafiki's telemetry feature is designed to provide valuable network insights without violating privacy or aiding malicious ASEs. For more information, please [read the privacy docs](../privacy).

> The telemetry functionality, while optional for Application Service Environments (ASEs), is enabled by default. When active, it transmits metrics to the TESTNET collector. However, for those operating in a production environment, there is an option to redirect these metrics. By defining the LIVENET environment variable, the metrics will be sent to the LIVENET collector instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The telemetry functionality is currently enabled by default on non-livenet enviroment, i.e. any environment that is not dealing with real money. Account Servicing Entities (ASEs) can opt-out of telemetry completely. When active, it transmits metrics to the TESTNET collector. In the future, those ASEs operating in a production livenet environment (real money) can opt-in to share their metrics with a LIVENET collector.  
```

Reviewer 2: suggesting on your suggestion:

"The telemetry functionality is currently enabled by default on test (non-livenet) environments, i.e. any environment that is not dealing with real money. When active, it transmits metrics to the "testnet" collector. In the future, those ASEs operating in a production "livenet" environment (real money) will be able to opt-in to sharing their metrics with a "livenet" collector. Regardless of environment, Account Servicing Entities (ASEs) can  also opt-out of telemetry completely."
